Suz Hinton (MS)
Started OS hardware to dispel the myth that hardware was really hard

Gautam Arora
checklist of how to OS, but written as tests - make it intreated 
not one wants to be the guy who says you missed a stop

Shannon Cabrill
work for free, give it away - implied that you are hella smart

Moderator
OS didn’t make sense to her

Sue live-streams her working every Sunday
inspired to do hardware but I still can’t
public speaking had backfired
more likely to contribute?
posts on twitch, people get grumpy about that she is using an old library or just that she is doing JS

G.
First commit was a one-off
Projects dreaming of hacker news
Tried to do something too big and then decided to contribute to someone else’s <— talking about value
We think it’s about code, but it’s about community. Chat with the maintainer, tell what skills you bring, etc. instead of just looking for a project you already know.

S. to make your project better, show you are a community

Suz. Where do communities that police each other get their motivation? Write what you want - no lang bashing, no commenting appearance. Twitch supports that as a platform
Technical guidelines that has community: Ask to send gist explaining what you mean instead of being pandantic, make it clear the best ways to contribute/communicate.

G. Open source in industry is not just about their projects but also other ppl’s projects. Picked by what employees were doing, employee now owns the project hahaha hack day can make a feature
** ask how to scope the feature and get people working together when it’s about love and working as an individual

G and S are not contributing now, did because I should
a box to check off
S put it out and didn’t overthink, good for her. Damn

Suz comment on more than syntax, what browsers aiming for, etc.; can set up rules in linters and point to that
*** ask if can speak to differences in speaking and live-streaming - coming from the perspective 

Github inspirational video
“why can’t I look smart and pretty at the same time?” talked about the jeans and and t-shirt uniform “I NEVER wear jeans and t-shirts”